Chris Tierney 
Assignment 2: HTML Table generator 

CS-E26 

1: 3 UNIX Commands that produce tables

- ps 
- finger 
- wc

My table: 
http://sites.harvard.edu/~ctierney/hw2/table.html 

(doesn't work currently, but, there is a problem with the server)

2: Use a text editor to output who as an html file 

I made some changes, and I think they should be fine, but, I am currently 
unable to preview them on the nice.fas.harvard.edu machine.

When it comes online again, it should be here:
http://sites.harvard.edu/~ctierney/hw2/who.html

3a: tt2ht1.c

I initially wrote this to only operate on the spaces, but, in testing the
code with the command that queries the sched file, I noticed that it didn't 
look very good. So, I added the concept of detecting whether the data is tab 
delimited or space delimited. So, now it just looks for tabs in the first line, 
and if it finds any assumes that this is going to be a tab delimited file. I think
it's a safe assumption so I left it in there.


3b: tt2ht1.c with cgi 

I probably should write some code to ignore commented out lines in fstab, but, I think that 
is probably out of scope. Otherwise, this works well.

4a: tt2ht2.c

I stripped off whitespace in this one in the beginning of the line. I could easily comment that 
out, but, I thought it was a nice feature, so I left it in. This program does not allow for overlapping 
tags. In my opinion, we should not hide problems like that, but, rather make the problems obvious up front.

There is a DEBUG_ON flag that you can use to see really what is going on in the program. Just switch it to 
1 and the debug statements will come out. If this is not helpful in the future, I'm happy to strip them out. 
Hopefully you will appreciate them, otherwise let me know.

4b: 

Running this:
./part4b.cgi

will give you the output.

5: tt2ht3.c

I had to do something funky here to get my pointer to work, I may not have gotten it 100% right, I think 
the pointer math is off slightly, but, I can't tell why. I am going to submit this as is, but, hopefully 
fix it and submit it again later. I lost a lot of time today to trying to figure out why my web server wasn't 
working so I'm running out of time. 




